h1. What this is:

A gem to install a series of generators for a layout, so you never have to type a doctype or reset your css ever again.

reset.css is a combination of base.css, fonts.css, and reset.css from the YUI (see "http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/reset/":http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/reset/ for reference). I did not create those, but am very thankful to Yahoo! for doing so.

For now, we just have a 960px wide xhtml-strict layout. More will be added as I add them in.

h2. Install:

bc. gem install simple_layout

h2. Usage:

In your Rails app:

bc. ./script/generate simple_layout xhtml-strict

That will create a 960px wide XHTML-valid layout, using the following files:

bc. app/views/templates/application.html.erb
public/stylesheets/application.css
public/stylesheets/reset.css


  

h2. LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 FIX

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
